This is hoping to be a simulator for simple combat in swtor

To simulate time passage I'm using an Heap Queue. All future occurrences are stored/scheduled there.
We pop the next thing in the queue, add more if needed, and we move on.

I did not update this flow much, sorry. What currently bothers me is at the end of this file.
Flow:

engine.py schedules events in the queue with events.py.

events.py has 2 functions rn. Authorizing abilities and processing previously scheduled ones like hits, debuff experiation, dot ticks, etcNo.

abilities.py processes the ability usage. it mutates entities, and schedules events (like damage hits)

damagehits, in events.py, calls for combatmath.py which can tell events(using entities and abilities) what damage to do and can also mutate stuff like buffs/debuffs if they are consumed.


file by file:

engine.py:
    Simulation:
        Manages time passing.
        Queue is Heap Queue because it's fast for both inserting and removing events.
        Allows to schedule events relatively (like dot tick 3seconds from now), absolutely (was nice for testing lmao) and to limit how long it lasts for.
        !!! I should give it a way to allow for something else to break it. Or just have a break option that can be called somewhere else!!!
        Having a __lt__ in events is crucial for the queue to not crash because of comparison ability

events.py
    Event: Basic structure. Adds the tiebreaker to not break the simulation.
        DamageHit: Processes damage. Uses combat_math.py to calculate said damage then applies it to target.
        CastAttemptEvent: Entry point for events that we input manually. Has abilities.py try to execute it.
        PlayerReady: Will keep a priority rotation going by checking if we can act.
        BuffExpire/Debuff Expire: Clean effects from list if their time is up.
        DotTick: Manages dot ticks. Calls damage hit, updates how many left, calls for damagehit and ends if it no more ticks.
        ResourceTick: Manages passive resource gain.
        ResourceGainEvent: Adds set energy values on demand. For abilities that increase it pretty much.

abilities.py
    Ability: Stores cooldowns, costs, actions that it causes, etc.
            can_cast(): checks if the cast of the ability is possible.
            apply_cooldown_locks(): defines when you can cast again, both gcd and and specific ability cooldown
            cast(): the big boy. Deducts resources, schedules actions that it fecthes and filters.
                cast(), while going trough actions, filters by action_type to decide what do to. rn we have direct_hit, dot, buff, debuff and resource_gain. (MORE NEEDED)
                it leverages is_action_valid, which is specifically for actions that only proc in certain conditions. like leeching strike who has 4 possible hits but only 1 procs, depending on number of dots on target.

entities.py
    ActiveDot and ActiveBuff: I didn't wanna use dicts for this, so here we are.
    ResourcePool: Can change depending on type we choose, I only care about force for now tho. Can spend (if enough), generate and passively increase.
    Player: Stores all we need for a player.
        Apply_buff: gives us modifiers in effects.
                   - saves configuration entries (like only apply on x damage type, if ability has x tag, etc)
                   - refreshes when already active
                   - recalculates stats when the buff messes with stats instead of modifiers (crit is a modifier, crit rating is a stat
        get_stat: fecthes a stat, updates it with modifiers active too (that will happen with relics stuff only I hope)
        scale_time_modifier: well, modifies time with cooldown reduction
        calculate_gcd: same as previous but rounds
        calculate_cooldown: guess. probly not needed, might remove and use scale_time_modifier later, atm im tired ok
        recalculate_stats: whenver it's needed, goes trough all the effects to modify base stats to give at the moment stats
    Target: Stores all we need for a target
         apply_debuff: updates target debuffs with data from actions. refreshes stacks or duration if already there.
         count_active_dots: fuck you leeching strike
         has_debuff: fuck you thrashing terror. wait, no, this will be has_dot. FUCK ME

combat_math.py
    calculate_hit: caster provides active buffs and stats. target armor and debuffs. action_data the ability data.
                   we calculate de diferent modifiers (in buckets), with buffs and debuffs, and multiply them together -> we calculate base damage with stats and formulas ->
                   -> we multiply damage with modifiers -> we check if armor, if so apply that too -> we check if it's crit -> we return damage and is_crit



ABOUT TAGS:
I added an extra tag direct_force for abilities that are direct and force. Force Critical Chance maps to 133 like all the crit modifiers I've seen so I'm improvising.
Abilities should probably have tags. Might incorporate later.
I might have forgotten to have affected_by_gcd in abilities.
I think I will add ability tags and remake some of the logic before I get in too deep. Will delay this a bit but better to have it done now than later.
